feat: Add TypeScript example. (#515)
cypress-io/cypress-example-recipes: examples/fundamentals__typescript/README.Md

# Out-of-the-box TypeScript
> Write tests in TypeScript without setting up preprocessors

> From Cypress 4.4.0, you can write tests in TypeScript without setting up preprocessors. See [the official doc](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/tooling/typescript-support.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Cypress 4.4.0, you can write tests in TypeScript without setting up preprocessors. See [the official doc](https://on.cypress.io/typescript-support).
```
